20231214_Lesson_2/20231214_lesson_2.md, before:

# [Web Application Security Testing](../README.md) -> __Attacks on user authentication and authorization__

- [Web Application Security Testing -\> __Attacks on user authentication and authorization__](#web-application-security-testing---attacks-on-user-authentication-and-authorization)
  - [__Questions and answers (*Q\&A*) on the topic of the previous lesson.__](#questions-and-answers-qa-on-the-topic-of-the-previous-lesson)
  - [__Attacks on user authentication and authorization.__](#attacks-on-user-authentication-and-authorization)
  - [__Practical assignment on the topic of attacks on user authentication and authorization.__](#practical-assignment-on-the-topic-of-attacks-on-user-authentication-and-authorization)
  - [__Workshop on the basics of working with the `nmap` tool.__](#workshop-on-the-basics-of-working-with-the-nmap-tool)

[![Md-ST5-06-23_Кутаисов Максим_Тестирование безопасности веб-приложений_Занятие 2_14.12.23](./res/img/screenshots/2024-01-08_13-17-49.png)](https://youtu.be/gP8Til0ECjY "Md-ST5-06-23_Кутаисов Максим_Тестирование безопасности веб-приложений_Занятие 2_14.12.23")

![pic1](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_16-57-06.png)
![pic2](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_16-58-22.png)
![pic3](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_18-42-08.png)
![pic4](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_19-08-39.png)
![pic5](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_19-18-11.png)
![pic6](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_20-26-05.png)
![pic7](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_20-51-43.png)
![pic8](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_23-07-56.png)
![pic9](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_23-13-48.png)
![pic10](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_23-14-28.png)

## __Questions and answers (*Q&A*) on the topic of the previous lesson.__

## __Attacks on user authentication and authorization.__

## __Practical assignment on the topic of attacks on user authentication and authorization.__

## __Workshop on the basics of working with the `nmap` tool.__

Commit message:

Add several links and tutorial

20231214_Lesson_2/20231214_lesson_2.md, after:

# [Web Application Security Testing](../README.md) -> __Attacks on user authentication and authorization__

- [Web Application Security Testing -\> __Attacks on user authentication and authorization__](#web-application-security-testing---attacks-on-user-authentication-and-authorization)
  - [__Questions and answers (*Q\&A*) on the topic of the previous lesson.__](#questions-and-answers-qa-on-the-topic-of-the-previous-lesson)
  - [__Attacks on user authentication and authorization.__](#attacks-on-user-authentication-and-authorization)
  - [__Practical assignment on the topic of attacks on user authentication and authorization.__](#practical-assignment-on-the-topic-of-attacks-on-user-authentication-and-authorization)
  - [__Workshop on the basics of working with the `nmap` tool.__](#workshop-on-the-basics-of-working-with-the-nmap-tool)

[![Md-ST5-06-23_Кутаисов Максим_Тестирование безопасности веб-приложений_Занятие 2_14.12.23](./res/img/screenshots/2024-01-08_13-17-49.png)](https://youtu.be/gP8Til0ECjY "Md-ST5-06-23_Кутаисов Максим_Тестирование безопасности веб-приложений_Занятие 2_14.12.23")

![pic1](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_16-57-06.png)
![pic2](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_16-58-22.png)
![pic3](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_18-42-08.png)
![pic4](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_19-08-39.png)
![pic5](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_19-18-11.png)
![pic6](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_20-26-05.png)
![pic7](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_20-51-43.png)
![pic8](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_23-07-56.png)
![pic9](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_23-13-48.png)
![pic10](./res/img/screenshots/2023-12-14_23-14-28.png)

> __See:__
>
> - [__Article:__ Unleashing the Power of DIRB: A Comprehensive Guide to the Web Directory Bruteforcing Tool](https://medium.com/@S3Curiosity/unleashing-the-power-of-dirb-a-comprehensive-guide-to-the-web-directory-bruteforcing-tool-757bfa08a8e9)
> - [__Article:__ Разведка сайтов. Поиск каталогов и файлов. Dirb, Dirhunt, DirBuster](https://telegra.ph/Razvedka-sajtov-Poisk-katalogov-i-fajlov-Dirb-Dirhunt-DirBuster-07-12-2)
> - [__Tutorial:__ Potato](./read/potato-annotation-tutorial-readthedocs-io-en-latest.pdf)

## __Questions and answers (*Q&A*) on the topic of the previous lesson.__

## __Attacks on user authentication and authorization.__

## __Practical assignment on the topic of attacks on user authentication and authorization.__

## __Workshop on the basics of working with the `nmap` tool.__
